Version 3.5 release ToDos:

FIXES FOR LATER:
Linux and Windows builds should include swordMK .cpp files the same way.
Linux static library script needs to handle security based on ./configure

Bugs to fix before release:
DONE!: Insure bookmarks.rdf and .xsb import/export are backward compatible to < 3.5
DONE!: Previous/Next with commentaries does not work.
DONE!: Usernotes and footnotes do not show up in the text at all
DONE!: Daily devotional doesn't select today.
DONE!: Dictionary module key select is broken.
DONE!: Dictionaries don't select anything when they are first displayed
DONE!: GenBk texts select nothing when first viewed.
DONE!: ORIG tab should disappear if there are not Bible tabs showing
DONE!: Got "WARNING not copying: /home/dale/.crosswire/xulsword/resources/audio/ky/1Cor/012.mp3" when exporting audio
DONE!: Fix Linux font install (at don't do Windows type for Linux?)
DONE!: Why message: Module directory did not exist: /home/dale/.crosswire/xulsword/resources/mmodules/lexdict/zld/mufhh"
DONE!: Remove chrome installer and add extension installer (Installer ignores chrome dir silently now).
DONE!: Language menu should check installed module langs and un-disable matching menu options, and open the menu when it does so.
DONE!: Choose proper overrides for MK 3.5
DONE!: Change build to create .xpi locale extensions.
DONE!: Add minvers and maxverse so UI-MAP.txt
DONE!: Implement overrides for print and other XULRunner features.
DONE!: UI's need delete and select_all fixed and how to do overrides??
DONE!: Font classes change after module installation with location.reload
DONE!: Check overrides that they match xulrunner 17
DONE!: Exception reporter isn't working
DONE!: Print feature prints blank page
DONE! (caused by removal of XR dlls!): Firefox 17 bug causes locale extension to fail: http://dxr.mozilla.org/mozilla-central/toolkit/mozapps/extensions/XPIProvider.jsm.html line 860
DONE!: Window's UI font size is HUGE- reduce it
WON'T DO (Don't need other UIs right now?): Add all presentable UIs into build, along with prefs to hide them initially.
Insure xulsword extension manager only installs locale extensions and not other types.
WON'T DO (Not worth all the effort to save 364kb): Make splash into two images to reduce UI size (58kb -> 27kb ug, 62kb -> 32kb, total 14 UIs 812bk -> 448kb
WON'T DO (to many complcations): Use SWORD Locale for book list and book names, rather than internal list

ON LINUX:
DONE!: Look at multi-column Bible view chapter looping problem.

DONE!: AGL introductions with RTL interface does not display correct text-alignment.

DONE!: Test and fix startup scenarios: No-modules->install-non-Bible-mod->install-Bible-mod. No-LibSword->????. First-time-startup.

DONE!: Check bookmark module styles, figure out styles for user-text and boomark names (use isASCII?).

DONE!: (revisit when new Module Manager is added) Consider carefully the newModule.js flow: blocking vs. non-blocking: what does it really mean?

DONE!: Look at pinned GenBook text functionality, esp. with windowed viewports.

DONE!: Complete IBT locales: en-US,kum,ky,ky-ar,ru,tt,uz,uz-lat

Do a thorough use-test of all program corners needed by IBT release.


ON WINDOWS:
DONE!: Compile for Windows and update Windows installer.

WON'T DO (Windows Firefox still doesn't run XUL apps directly as yet): Assemble new Windows-programs using FireFox-Portable instead of XulRunner

Do a thorough use-test of all program corners on Windows, including Windows-8. Especially test locale installation and uninstallation.

Upload MK 3.5 to IBT along with modules having udpated UIs.

Update the xulsword website with version 3.5 changes in mind.


